[Feature Flags] Use cases: kill switches, dynamic config, progressive rollouts (#36920)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/feature_flags/use_cases/_index.md

---
title: Use Cases
description: Common use cases for Datadog Feature Flags.
---

> Feature flags support distinct rollout and control patterns. Pick the use case that matches your goal: limit release risk with gradual rollouts, stop broken features fast during incidents, or change application settings without a code deployment.

Reviewer: Speed can be subjective sometimes, and I think the point is clear without it:
```suggestion
Feature flags support distinct rollout and control patterns. Pick the use case that matches your goal: limit release risk with gradual rollouts, stop broken features during incidents, or change application settings without a code deployment.
```

> Each page below walks through why teams choose that pattern and how to set it up in Datadog.

Reviewer: Relative positions like "below" and "above" can be hard for AI readers to follow, depending on how it chunks content.
```suggestion
Each page in this section explains why teams choose that pattern and how to set it up in Datadog.
```
